Diary 1
Tuesday 1 March 2011 
I am so angry with my boss.
I finished the project for her more than four weeks ago and she is only looking at it now.
She asks me questions I have already answered.
She phones me all the time to ask about it and to talk about it.
She is driving me crazy!
I need the money from the project but I don't need all the problems!
Aha, she's also telling me every small error I have made.
I am human! I make errors! It's normal!
It is so annoying, I want to scream.
Why am I surprised? 
She is always like this. 
I never have a nice boss, are there nice bosses in the world?
It is still baking hot, when will the hot weather end?
I am sick of being hot all the time.
And the sink is not working again.
Everything is wrong!
I feel so frustrated.
Maybe I'm just feeling sorry for myself.
Diary 2
Wednesday 2 March 2011
Another bad day!
I had a nice morning with Ruth.
We both had the morning off work so we went shopping.
It was a lot of fun and we got some nice things.
Then we had coffee in a cute cafe.
The staff were slow and rude, and the coffee was not hot, so we were not very happy.
This is when the day started to go wrong.
It was really hot again but I walked to my 1:00 p.m. meeting.
I want to lose weight and walking is good exercise.
And it is free.
I had to walk for 30 minutes to get to the meeting.
When I arrived there I found that I had the wrong address!
And I was late!
I had to walk for 20 minutes more.
So I arrived sweaty and very late.
Karolina, our sales manager was waiting for me and she was so angry.
She was staring daggers at me.
I felt terrible, I hate to be late, it is unprofessional and rude.
The first meeting was with the general manager.
He was very nice and understanding. 
After the meeting Karolina really yelled at me.
I felt embarrassed and humiliated.
And worried.
I don't know if she will talk to my boss about it.
I will worry all night.
Diary 3
Thursday 3 March 2011
Last night I dreamed about work all night.
This morning I was tired and worried and depressed.
When I got to work my boss was so annoyed with me.
She gave me a long lecture, she told me that it is very important to be on time.
She said that perhaps we will not get the contract because I was late yesterday.
And she said that the sales team are really angry with me.
I explained that it was an accident.
I told her that I am not normally late.
Then I explained what happened and told her I feel guilty and sorry.
She was still angry.
I felt miserable.
I went into the bathroom and I even cried a little.
This afternoon I had a meeting with a new client called Mr. Smith.
He is my co-worker's client but she was sick today and she did not come to work.
Mr. Smith is a little older than me and tall and slim.
He is not handsome but has a very kind face.
He was so nice to me.
I felt a little chemistry!
I hope I will see him again.
I feel quite excited about him, like a schoolgirl again!!!
Diary 4
Friday 4 March 2011
More work worries!
The numbers are bad and everyone is a bit tense.
My boss is always in a bad mood, it makes everyone more nervous.
Why is work so stressful?
It is not all bad!
This morning I received a phone call it was from Mr Smith's secretary.
She said that he needed to see me this afternoon.
I explained that he is not my client, he should see my coworker.
The secretary said that he wanted to see me.
She said it was about our meeting yesterday.
Of course I said yes and we agreed to meet at 5 p.m. 
I went to his office and we talked for a short time about the meeting yesterday.
He actually had nothing to say!
Then he suggested that we go for a cocktail because it was Friday afternoon.
We went to a bar near his office.
It was very cool and expensive.
I felt nervous and shy!
We stayed for two cocktails.
First we talked about work.
Then soon we talked about life and family and a lot of things.
It was easy to talk to him.
I quickly relaxed enjoyed being with him.
I am excited!
What will happen next?
Diary 5
Saturday 5 March 2011
A lovely, lazy Saturday.
I needed to relax after such a crazy week, I felt exhausted.
I slept late and had a lazy breakfast.
I read the newspaper in bed and drank fresh coffee.
In the afternoon I met Samantha for a walk in the park and an ice cream.(Ooops, I forgot about my diet!) 
It was nice and relaxing.
It was great to be in the park and not in the office.
To breathe fresh air and have no worries.
In the evening I went to the cinema with Tracy.
The film was not great.
It was really nice to see Tracy again though.
We talked about work and life; she is very easy to talk to.
I told her about my drinks with Mr Smith.
She was excited and happy for me.
She asked for all the information.
She told me to be careful, mixing work and romance can cause problems.
I know she is right but...
I want to see him again anyway.
Diary 6
Sunday 6 March 2011
Now it is Sunday night.
I dread going to work tomorrow!
I always have this feeling!
The weekend always goes too quickly.
Today I went to the mall.
I wanted to treat.
I had a manicure which was fun.
It always makes me feel more attractive!
And I spent a lot of time shopping.
At last it is not so hot.
So I need some new clothes for autumn!
And, I admit I wanted something new and pretty because I might see Mr Smith next week.
I know that is silly!
But if I see him again I want to wear something professional but attractive.
I am bored with all my clothes.
And I work hard so ... why not?
In the evening I went to my Mom's house for dinner.
It was good to see her but she drives me crazy!
I do love her!
The problem is she worries about everything.
She asks me so many questions about work, money, men, what I am eating, what I do.
Everything!
It is wonderful that she cares a lot but I am an adult.
I am independent.
As always it was nice to see her and nice to leave!
Diary 7
Wednesday 9 March 2011
I did not write anything on Monday and Tuesday because I was too tired.
And now I just want to go to bed.
Work is so busy.
I worked overtime on Monday and Tuesday and today.
Thursday and Friday will be the same.
My boss is pushing us very hard.
She wants better figures and wants us to work faster.
She does not understand that we always work hard.
It is very frustrating and exhausting.
I think I will look for a new job.
Mr Smith's secretary called today.
She told me that Mr Smith would like a business lunch with me on Friday.
I told her that my co-worker has returned to work.
I said that he is her client.
She said that he wants to see me and not my co-worker.
I am excited and nervous but also a little angry.
Why didn't he call me? 
Why didn't he call me earlier?
Is it only a business lunch?
I don't know what to expect or what he thinks?
I don't understand men!
But I am also looking forward to it.
I'm glad I went shopping!
Diary 8
Saturday 12 March 2011
I am so happy that it is the weekend.
I am so tired.
It is morning and I am sitting in bed, drinking coffee, and writing.
Work is horrible.
I don't want to think about it.
But Mr Smith (or Adam as I now call him) is wonderful.
Our business lunch was just lunch, no business!
He explained that he was in France on a business trip from Saturday until Wednesday.
So he could not call me.
Our lunch was lovely.
We went to a fantastic restaurant.
We talked for two hours.
At first I was nervous but I soon felt comfortable.
He is funny and interesting and intelligent.
It is easy to talk to him and he listens well.
I returned to work after lunch in a dream!
A happy dream.
My boss was horrible and I didn't care!
Tonight I am meeting him for dinner.
I don't know what to wear.
My black dress?
The short blue dress?
Or something more casual?
I think I am smitten.
He is so sweet and kind.
I feel a bit giddy when I think of him!
I hope he really is so nice and I do not get hurt again.